This article introduced a new kind of biosensor that is capable of continuously measuring and 
monitoring specific molecules in the bloodstream and uses those information to make sure every 
patients get the optimal drug doses for their own situations. And this biosensor called 
microfluidic electrochemical detector for in vivo continuous monitoring, MEDIC for abbreviation. 

The article introduced the background of the continuous, real-time measurement tech and illustrated
the difficulties for current development real-time tracking biosensor. And actually those difficulties
are also the basic and general ideas for the therapeutic that this kind of biosensors used for. This
principle is "the right drug, at the right dose, and at the right time" according to the article. 

Basically, the design of this real-time measurement device has three main challenges. The first is the
problem of continuous operation. The second is the high sensitivity requirements of device. The last
one is the high resistance of other interferents to keep high SNRs for long period using purpose.

For the first problem, MEDIC device used a conformation-changing aptamer probe to bind the target molecule.
And this probe is attached on one terminus to an electrode within the MEDIC device. That means this probe
can detect for a specific molecule and undergoes the conformational rearrangement of molecule continuously.
Consequently, this conformational rearrangement could generate electrochemical signal that could be used
as the data of monitoring. In addition, the continuous-flow diffusion filter(CDF) protect the probe from
other interferents. 

For the second sensitivity problem, the paper chose the DOX-specific aptamer probe to do the experiment.
And this probe will produce an easily measurable change in current when the sensor is using SWV. Then relative
current change will be measured and be used to get the DOX concentration. According to the data the paper got,
the DOX probe they designed has a range from 10nM to 10uM for concentration of DOX. And their experiment also
proved that this DOX-specific probe did not respond any other agents commonly administered with DOX even their
concentration is 1000-fold of current concentration of DOX. 

For the last problem about pretection from other big molecules. As I mentioned before, they used a filter called
CDF to resolve this problem. CDF is a flowing, liquid-phase filter. And they use CDF to established a vertically
stacked laminar stream which is actually a buffer between the blood and MEDIC device. Theoretically said, the 
laminar stream between electrodes and whole blood has relatively high diffusivity compared to the interferents 
in blood such as albumin, immunoglobulin and fibrinogen. That makes those interferents cannot reach and get 
contact with electrodes.

Beside of those three main problems mentioned, long-term measurement need high signal to noise ratio (SNRs) to 
get accurate information. The traditional way to resolve this SNRs problem is using more reference probe to make 
 a differential measurement. Indeed, the differential measurement has significant effect on counteracting drift
 to maintain sufficient SNR. But it's hard to fabricate those reference probes or sensors and often lead some new
 problems. According to this situation, the paper claimed that they used KDM method to overcome the drift problem
 by using only one probe. Basically, the KDM method exploits the differences between target-bound and unbound
 probe as the unbound probe has slow electron transfer rate compared to bound probe. And according to the paper, 
 KDM reduced the drift from ~30 to <2% in 2uM DOX pulse during 90 minutes. This made more than 300% improvement
 in SNR compared with the situation KDM was not used.
